when his offering is a sacrifice of a
peace offering if he offers it of the
herd whether male or female he shall
offer it without blemish before the Lord
and he shall lay his hand on the head of
his offering and kill it at the door of
the tabernacle of meeting and errand
sons the priests shall sprinkle the
blood all around on the altar then he
shall offer from the sacrifice of the
peace offering an offering made by fire
to the Lord the fat that covers the
entrails and all the fat that is on the
entrails the two kidneys and the fat
that is on them by the flanks and the
fatty lobe attached to the liver above
the kidneys he shall remove and Aaron's
sons shall burn it on the altar upon the
burnt sacrifice which is on the wood
that is on the fire as an offering made
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord if his
offering as a sacrifice of a peace
offering to the Lord is of the flock
with a male or female he shall offer it
without blemish if he offers a lamb as
his offering then he shall offer it
before the Lord and he shall lay his
hand on the head of his offering and
kill it before the tabernacle of meeting
and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle its
blood all around on the altar then he
shall offer from the sacrifice of the
peace offering as an offering made by
fire to the Lord it's fat and the whole
fat tale which he shall remove close to
the backbone and the fat that covers the
entrails and all the fat that is on the
entrails
the two kidneys and the fat that is on
them by the flanks and the fatty lobe
attached to the liver above the kidneys
he shall remove and the priest shall
burn them on the altar as food an
offering made by fire to the Lord
and if his offering is a goat then he
shall offer it before the Lord he shall
lay his hand on its head and kill it
before the tabernacle of meeting and the
sons of Aaron shall sprinkle its blood
all around on the altar
then he shall offer from it his offering
as an offering made by fire to the Lord
the fat that covers the entrails and all
the fat that is on the entrails the two
kidneys and the fat that is on them by
the flanks and the fatty lobe attached
to the liver above the kidneys he shall
remove and the priest shall burn them on
the altar as food an offering made by
fire for a sweeter of all the fat is the
Lord's this shall be a perpetual statute
throughout your generations in all your
dwellings you shall eat neither fat nor
blood